Track order for all plots, in order from top to bottom:
- PacBio reads for patient
- Illumina reads for patient
- Illumina reads for Mom
- Illumina reads for Dad

Two different sets represent two different phasing attempts using different reads.

file name: set1_dnv.png
description: shows de novo variant. We highlight two reads in the PacBio track (blue
and grey) that do not contain the de novo variant. We use the Illumina reads
for the patient to guide which reads to choose.

file name: set1_inform1.png
description: shows first informative variant. We see a SNP shared by patient and
mother, and not possessed by father. Since the variant is not present on our
highlighted reads, which also do not contain the de novo variant, we use this SNP
to phase the de novo to the mother.

file name: set1_inform2.png
description: we see three informative variants.On the far left, a SNP shared by
patient and father, not possessed by mother, and present on reads that do not
contain the de novo variant. In the middle and on the far right, a SNP shared by
patient and mother, not possessed by father, and not present on reads that do not
contain the de novo variant. These three informative variants again help us phase
the de novo to the mother.

file name: set1_zoomedout.png
description: a screenshot to show how close the informative variants are to the
de novo variant, and to show the coverage of the reads used for phasing.

file name: set2_dnv.png
description: shows de novo variant with different reads selected. This time,
we use one read that contains the de novo variant, highlighted in red, and one
read that does not contain the de novo variant, highlighted in blue.

file name: set2_inform1.png
description: shows first informative variant. We see a SNP shared by patient and mom,
not possessed by dad, present on the read that contains the de novo variant, and missing
from the read that does not contain the de novo variant. We use this SNP to phase
the de novo to the mother.

file name: set2_inform2.png
description: shows second informative variant. We see a SNP shared by patient and dad,
not possessed by mom, present on the read that does not contain the de novo variant,
and missing from the read that contains the de novo variant. We use this SNP to phase
the de novo to the mother.

file name: set2_inform3.png
description: shows third informative variant. We see a SNP shared by patient and mom,
not possessed by dad, present on the read that contains the de novo variant, and missing
from the read that does not contain the de novo variant. We use this SNP to phase
the de novo to the mother.

file name: set2_zoomedout.png
description: a screenshot to show how close the informative variants are to the
de novo variant, and to show the coverage of the reads used for phasing.
