Track order for all plots, in order from top to bottom:
- PacBio reads for patient
- Illumina reads for patient
- Illumina reads for Mom
- Illumina reads for Dad

Two different sets represent two different phasing attempts using different reads.

file name: set1_dnv.png
description: shows de novo variant. We highlight three reads in the PacBio track (tan,
teal, and grey) that contain the de novo variant. We use the Illumina reads
for the patient to guide which reads to choose.

file name: set1_inform1.png
description: shows first informative variant. We see a SNP shared by patient and
father, not possessed by mother. The variant is present on the reads that contain
the de novo variant so we use this variant to phase the de novo to the father.

file name: set1_inform2.png
description: shows second informative variant. We see a SNP shared by patient and
mother, not possessed by father. The variant is not present on any of the reads
that contain the de novo variant so we use this SNP to phase the de novo to the father.

file name: set1_inform3.png
description: shows third informative variant. We see a SNP shared by patient and
father, not possessed by mother. The variant is present on the reads that contain
the de novo variant so we use this variant to phase the de novo to the father.

file name: set1_zoomedout.png
description: a screenshot to show how close the informative variants are to the
de novo variant, and to show the coverage of the reads used for phasing.

file name: set2_dnv.png
shows de novo variant. We highlight reads in the PacBio track (all colors)
that contain the de novo variant. We use the Illumina reads
for the patient to guide which reads to choose.

file name: set2_inform1.png
description: shows first informative variant for this set. We see a SNP shared by patient and
father, not possessed by mother. The variant is present on the reads that contain
the de novo variant so we use this variant to phase the de novo to the father.

file name: set2_inform2.png
description. shows second informative variant for this set. We see a SNP shared by patient and
mother, not possessed by father. The variant is not present on the reads
that contain the de novo variant so we use this SNP to phase the de novo to the father.
